hey guys what's up so today are you
doing another empties video and I don't
have as many products to show you guys
as I did in my last empties video that I
did so if you guys want to see that one
I'll link it down below but I do have
quite a bit of products right here my
bin is getting a little bit full so I
thought I'd do this video and there are
some makeup e items in this video but if
you guys want to see the other makeup
things that I finished I'll link below
my project pan / and make out 2015 video
that's pretty much where I'm like
showing you guys all the makeup that I'm
trying to finish and clean out my makeup
collection so i will be showing you a
little bit of makeup in this video but
it's mostly like skincare and body
products and other random things so i'm
just gonna jump right into it so of
course it's not an empties video without
showing you guys the makeup life so that
I finished so these are the kirkland
brand makeup wipes of course and I
finished two packages of these and
they're kind of starting to fall apart I
have like the tab of this completely
gone and this one's half off and they're
sticking to everything it's just very
very sticky but these are both the UM 30
they have 30 towelettes in them and I
don't know I shove these in every
empties video these are amazing these
are my go-to makeup wipes these are from
costco and you buy them in like the big
box they are amazing and then i have a
bath and body works hope that taylor and
i just finished today and this is the
dancing waters one I love sends like
this for my bathroom it just makes it so
like nice and fresh and clean which is
obviously how I want my bathroom to
smell but yeah and it smells so good and
I bought a whole bunch of slopes from
Bath & Body Works and I just did a halt
on that so if you guys want to see what
I bought I'll link that haul video in
the downbar below and I finally finished
a skintimate shaving gel this one's the
skin therapy moisturizing lotion eyes
with a vitamin E and it takes me forever
to finish these things now especially in
the winter because honestly I don't
really shave that often the only thing I
really shave on kind of like a daily
basis are my underarms but my legs I
just let them go wild and free that's
totally TMI but on the non gross no
always buy these skintimate shaving gels
I think you can get them at target for
three dollars or something and I find
they're a really good value and also
just a little tip if you guys go through
shaving gels a lot instead of spending a
lot of money on buying a bunch of cans
of shaving gel you can just use your
conditioner that you actually use for
your hair you can use that to shave so
that's really awesome I don't really
like to do that because my hair products
are pretty expensive but that's totally
an option if you guys want to try that
these things are always in my empties
videos as well but this is the st. Ives
body wash and this is the evening bright
one I love this stuff you guys know I'm
obsessed with this body wash because
it's like five or six dollars and this
thing is huge it's like the size of my
head so it's such a great value and it
smells really good I think this one is
actually my favorite scent so I always
repurchase this stuff i also finished a
body scrub and I don't really know the
brand or what this actually is because
it's from my maybe box so it's all in
Korean and I didn't really like this
stuff that much I went through it really
really quickly it didn't really take me
that long to finish up I don't really
think there's a whole lot of product in
it and as for the scrub part itself I
didn't really feel like it did a really
good job of exfoliating my body I found
the scrub part was really weak I guess
so this wasn't my favorite I think
Taylor really likes the smell of this
but this is not something I would
repurchase so I have another soap from
Bath and Body Works and this is a little
bit old and this is tis the season so
this is obviously from the Christmas
wintery send collection thing but these
are my absolute favorite smells in the
whole entire world ah it smells so good
oh my gosh like as much as I want winter
to be over and as much as I want the
warm weather I'm really going to miss
the Christmas smalls because he's smell
amazing i also finished up the
wallflower version of tis the season so
again these are just one of my favorite
scents so of course I had to get it in
the bulb form and i would definitely
repurchase this i finished another
bathroom bodywork soap and this is
another Christmas scent and this is iced
tea ginger bread I don't really remember
this one it smells pretty good it smells
literally just like gingerbread so I
finished another body scrub and this is
just a sample version but this is it
from the I can't even read this any
but it's from the brand a yummy skin and
it's their premium sugar scrub and I
don't really yeah I can't really read it
because this is my shower so all the
words and everything is distorted but I
loved the stuff this is a Canadian brand
and I think I'm actually going to order
this stuff online and like the full size
because this stuff was so good it's a
really really nice strong and lemony
scent so it smells very clean and I
loved using this as a body scrub
obviously and it kind of like as you
scrubbed it onto your body in the shower
it kind of dissolved onto your skin and
it felt so smooth instantly so I think
I'm definitely gonna have to buy this
stuff online i also finished a ton of
sheet masks and these were all from be
Mimi box so I have the whenever you
travel one and then I also have these
three which are pretty much the same but
I don't really know how to say it but
these were really nice they were very
very soaked in the product which was so
nice it's definitely a whole lot
different than like the two or three
dollar mask so you can get at walmart
these were just so so amazing and i
don't really know how easily i could
repurchase these because again they're
from the Mimi box which is things from
korea and stuff like that so I don't
think I'd be able to her purchase these
but I definitely would if I could so
everything else in this empties video is
makeup so I kind of went through my
makeup collection a little bit just to
get rid of someone like the old things
that I didn't really use and we're kind
of disgusting so the first thing that I
had to throw a was the occ lip tar and I
am so sad that I'm throwing this out
because I didn't really use it that much
which is really depressing but this I
don't know if you guys will be able to
see but the product itself is really
really separated and it's just not no no
I tried to use it a couple of days ago
and it was just so gross I also have to
throw out my next jumbo eye shadow
pencil oh this one's in milk which is
just a white color and this one's in
strawberry milk which is kind of like a
really nice pinkish
we kind of colors I just gonna throw
these out when we purchased them
probably when I go to Toronto IMATS
because medians I actually bought the
last time I went to Toronto I mats which
was actually when I was 16 and I'm
turning 20 this year so I think these
guys need to go so I'm just going to
repurchase all new ones when I go back
in the last thing I finished was a
mascara and this is the cover girl full
lash bloom mascara and I am so sad that
I finished this left this was my
absolute favorite mascara for so long
and I think I'm definitely gonna have to
repurchase it I just really liked the
formula of this and the wand is
definitely one of my favorite ones
because it's so simple it's really nice
and skinny but it's also long and it has
different sized bristles on it so it's
really easy to get every single lash and
it's also easy to apply on my bottom
lashes I find it so difficult to put
mascara on my bottom lashes without
getting mascara like all over my face so
a one like this is really easy because
it's not so big and bulky that you just
kind of like make a mess out of
everything all rights loser all my
empties for this month I really hope you
guys enjoyed this video I hope you guys
have an amazing day I love you very much
and I'll talk to you soon bye guys
in the playground making a sweet sound
living with no one